Iron, Texas.
They'll pick some clubs, saying it for you.
Harley.
John.
John saw that stone.
That was hewed out the mountain.
Rolling through Babylon. John saw that stone
That was hewed out the mountain, tearing down on the kingdom of the world.
Oh, you're going to need a stone.
That was hewed out the mountain, you're going to need a stone.
Rolling through Babylon, you're going to need a stone.
That was hewed out the mountain, tearing down on the kingdom of the world.
Oh, I'm lookin' for the stone That was hewed out the mountain. Lord I'm lookin' for the stone Rolling through Babylon.
Lord I'm lookin' for the stone That was hewed out the mountain, tearing down on the kingdom of the world.
Help me find that stone That was hewed out the mountain.
Help me find that stone rolling through Babylon.
Help me find that stone That was hewed out the mountain, tearing down on the kingdom of the world.